README.md, before:

# CheSSH

CheSSH is a distributed multiplayer implementation of the game of Chess over SSH, 
written in Elixir, with Discord integrations to deliver alerts when players are 
looking for opponents, or in games when it is one's turn.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25559600/221317658-a80046ca-6009-456d-b43c-67d95baa4bf6.mp4

## Usage

### Dependencies
+ `npm`
+ `elixir`
+ `postgresql`
+ `redis` (which you can ignore if you only use the ETS backend for Hammer in 
  `config/dev.exs` [set by default])

### Installation

Do something among the lines of:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Simponic/chessh
cd chessh

cp .env.example .env
vim .env # Fill it out mf
chmod 0700 .env
export $(cat .env | xargs)

# In one shell (after filling in your .env), migrate schema and start CheSSH
mix ecto.create
mix ecto.migrate
mix deps.compile

# Install frontend stuff
cd front
npm install

# Generate SSH keys
cd ../priv
./make_keys.sh

# Run the frontend and server concurrently!
cd ..
npm install -g concurrently
concurrently "mix run --no-halt" "cd front && npm start"
```

## Architecture
The process of building the pi cluster is wholly contained in the awful 
`buildscripts`, which will individually `ssh` into separate pi's and build the 
services locally there as well as update the load balancer pi's configurations for nginx 
and HAproxy.

More architecture talk of CheSSH can be found in my (albeit kinda cringe) FSLC 
presentation on Elixir:
[https://github.com/Simponic/chessh/blob/main/presentation/chessh.org](https://github.com/Simponic/chessh/blob/main/presentation/chessh.org)


## Environment Variables (mostly optional)
+ `REACT_APP_DISCORD_INVITE` is the invite link to the discord server with the 
  CheSSH bot
+ `REACT_APP_DISCORD_OAUTH` is the link (after replacing the GET  URL params) that will 
  be used to initiate discord OAUTH from the frontend
+ `CLIENT_REDIRECT_AFTER_OAUTH` & `SERVER_REDIRECT_URI` are self-explanatory
+ `REACT_APP_SSH_SERVER` and `REACT_APP_SSH_PORT` are used to build the .ssh config
  given to users on the home page of CheSSH after authentication
+ `NEW_GAME_PINGABLE_ROLE_ID` is the role id of the role to ping when one is
  looking for an opponent
+ `REMIND_MOVE_CHANNEL_ID` is the channel id to create private threads with players
  for move reminders and other communications
+ `NEW_GAME_CHANNEL_ID` is similar to the above
+ `CLUSTER_NODES` is a comma-separated list of nodes accepting connections to connect with libclustre

Commit message:

Bots (#23)
* squash all the things for bots

* fix warnings

* change colors a bit and README updates

* fix frontend warnings

README.md, after:

# CheSSH

CheSSH is a distributed multiplayer implementation of the game of Chess over SSH, 
written in Elixir, with Discord integrations to deliver alerts when players are 
looking for opponents, or in games when it is one's turn.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25559600/221317658-a80046ca-6009-456d-b43c-67d95baa4bf6.mp4

## Bots
As a user, you can create 2 bot accounts at [/bots](https://chessh.linux.usu.edu/bots). These are driven by
webhooks.

For an example bot, see [chessh example bot](https://github.com/Simponic/chessh_bot).

## Usage

### Dependencies
+ `npm`
+ `elixir`
+ `postgresql`
+ `redis` (which you can ignore if you only use the ETS backend for Hammer in 
  `config/dev.exs` [set by default])

### Installation

Do something among the lines of:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Simponic/chessh
cd chessh

cp .env.example .env
vim .env # Fill it out mf
chmod 0700 .env
export $(cat .env | xargs)

# In one shell (after filling in your .env), migrate schema and start CheSSH
mix ecto.create
mix ecto.migrate
mix deps.compile

# Install frontend stuff
cd front
npm install

# Generate SSH keys
cd ../priv
./make_keys.sh

# Run the frontend and server concurrently!
cd ..
npm install -g concurrently
concurrently "mix run --no-halt" "cd front && npm start"
```

## Architecture
The process of building the pi cluster is wholly contained in the awful 
`buildscripts`, which will individually `ssh` into separate pi's and build the 
services locally there as well as update the load balancer pi's configurations for nginx 
and HAproxy.

More architecture talk of CheSSH can be found in my (albeit kinda cringe) FSLC 
presentation on Elixir:
[https://github.com/Simponic/chessh/blob/main/presentation/chessh.org](https://github.com/Simponic/chessh/blob/main/presentation/chessh.org)


## Environment Variables (mostly optional)
+ `REACT_APP_DISCORD_INVITE` is the invite link to the discord server with the 
  CheSSH bot
+ `REACT_APP_DISCORD_OAUTH` is the link (after replacing the GET  URL params) that will 
  be used to initiate discord OAUTH from the frontend
+ `CLIENT_REDIRECT_AFTER_OAUTH` & `SERVER_REDIRECT_URI` are self-explanatory
+ `REACT_APP_SSH_SERVER` and `REACT_APP_SSH_PORT` are used to build the .ssh config
  given to users on the home page of CheSSH after authentication
+ `NEW_GAME_PINGABLE_ROLE_ID` is the role id of the role to ping when one is
  looking for an opponent
+ `REMIND_MOVE_CHANNEL_ID` is the channel id to create private threads with players
  for move reminders and other communications
+ `NEW_GAME_CHANNEL_ID` is similar to the above
+ `CLUSTER_NODES` is a comma-separated list of nodes accepting connections to connect with libclustre
